changing over there
it's a storm comin re just like last
time the Ministry of Magic is pleased to
announce the appointment of Dolores Jane
Umbridge as High Inquisitor to attest
the falling standards at Hogwarts school
things are hopeless a far worse than I
feared
you have been told that a certain Dark
Wizard is it large this is why it's not
a lot I saw it
you've got to be able to attend
ourselves but if I'm but refuses to
teach us how we need somebody well every
great wizard in history who started out
as nothing more than what we are now if
they can do it why not us
explosiveness - by breaking rules who
are you and what you've done with the
mind games you're a really good teacher
Harry
[Music]
the minister's gonna have a full
operation on their eyes
it's your turn
discipline your line we're in this
together
it's all more building up
it all looks fun
[Music]
very important you will lose everything